hey guys what's your takin bite we're
talking about something cool and
interesting you wouldn't understand
so let's cue the intro sequence here oh
and in case you hadn't heard my channel
has a name that's impossible to
pronounce and the most people can't
spell which has turned out to be a great
marketing tactic anybody no expertise is
made is in masa does anybody know how to
pronounce his is YouTube channel a bonus
Yin oh yeah
do you follow that guy but business care
still yes yeah no no no that guy ah yeah
I only do nonfiction sheet if you're not
gonna keep it real we're not gonna talk
I want to say pollution I don't know
whether I can pronounce
upon this yet I want to say thank you
see YouTube name is a baddest yet which
basically means to tear down habit that
he covers a wide variety of topics not
just because it's a distinctive thing
that marks us vegan that unifies us that
shows who's really vegan who's not is
that you are willing to face up to that
truth and witnessing that truth and
admitting it to yourself how terrible
and how terrifying it is being a witness
to the grim realities of animal
agriculture and massive scale that's
what makes us because that's what we
have in common
not bicycles not bikinis not yoga not
even you know your food preferences
place right
he's right these bike really rights I
subscribe to him but beef pairs to
really feel like you should've stayed in
school for longer we're talking about
something cool and interesting you
wouldn't understand
you know vegans don't eat meat
they don't drink milk they refuse to eat
honey but uh we wave like a bunch of
cannibals out here huh we're all trying
to eat our own we're all trying to
devour one another everyone's seen it
and all kinds of people come up with
different theories different little
psychological sketches for why it is
that vegans treat one another with such
cruelty why it is that we seem to eat
our own
I mean really people like to disrespect
my truth but the fact is that you know
my name is I don't know you